#summary How Internationalization works in ScoreCenter
= Introduction =

There are three different things that can be translated:
  * the plugin strings (menu, ...),
  * the scores names (shown in the navigation part),
  * the scores content.

the best way to create a new language file is to copy an existing and rename it with your language code and then replace the strings with the translation.
Do not forget to share it with the MediaPortal community on the forum and then I will add it to the distribution.

All the files are in the directory `%ProgramData%\Team MediaPortal\MediaPortal\language`.

= Plugin =

The internationalization of the plugin itself uses the standard MediaPortal way.

The files are named `strings_<lang>.xml`.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<Language name="English" characters="255">
  <Section name="unmapped">
    <String id="1">Clear the cache</String>
    ...
  </Section>
</Language>
}}}

= Name of Scores =

In the default settings the name of the scores are always in English.
If you want to translate them you will need to do it in the file named `scores_<lang>.xml`.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<ScoreLocalisation>
  <Strings>
    <LocString id="Athletics">Athlétisme</LocString>
    <LocString id="Olympics">Jeux Olympiques</LocString>
    ...
  </Strings>
  <Globals>
    <LocString id="Today">Aujourd'hui</LocString>
    <LocString id="Results">Résultats</LocString>
    <LocString id="Group[\s*](?&lt;grp&gt;\.*)" isRegEx="true">Groupe ${grp}</LocString>
    ...
  </Globals>
</ScoreLocalisation>
}}}

The first section `<Strings>` is used to translate scores using their id.
The second section `<Globals>` is used to translate globally all scores. For example, if all scores named "Today" will be translate the same way.
It is also possible to use Regular Expressions by setting the flag _isRegEx_ to true (default is false). This is useful to translate similar strings. For example "Group A" and "Group B" are respectively translated to "Groupe A" and "Groupe B".

= Scores =

== Using Dictionaries ==

== Using Rules ==